Three. Three. And then you learnt more later? I learnt, I had a smattering of
Croatian when I went to Yugoslavia. Croatian is easy, Slovene isn't
easy. But they were gold in comparison to Hungarian because Hungarian I could
not pick up. I had a two-cent of one year with the High Tatras and Lake Balaton
and the most I could do in Hungarian was count the numbers, I can't do that now,
the flaws of people went up in the left. Sorry. We'll come on to that in a minute.
So you were in Brnozáros for a while in Argentina. Did you move around in
Argentina then or did you stay in Buenos Aires?
I stayed in, no it was the other way around, I went, when my money ran out I
started working in Buenos Aires but by that time I had already met my father's
next up Uncle Walter's brother and his wife
and their daughter had gone to America. That was Uncle Walter's wife, all right?
That's Tante Emi to me. These are my two who are now 40. This is a
picture with the with the ribbon on the frame, yeah, okay. Yeah. So then you came
back from Argentina. Sorry, yeah. Right, I went to Rio Tisero to see my father's
eldest brother with his wife and they didn't have any children of their own,
they had adopted a girl who was really nasty to them for whatever reason. All
the brothers, if you saw them walking you would know that they belonged. They all,
as they walked, somehow a hand, as they walked, they walked with this hand like
that. Was the right hand twisted back? Yeah, really odd. Like paddling? They all had that, I mean
Uncle Walter when he walked, Uncle Herbert, Uncle Peter I didn't know. One of the
older brothers I didn't get to know. Yeah. I got on very very well with Uncle
Herbert and he had wanted me to stay in Rio Tisero. He practically built, I don't know what made
him go out there, but he practically built the town. It was quite a bustling
town. He said he can remember when there was horses, when there were no roads and
they all rolled and he could remember tethering the, as you do in cowboy
films, tethering it to a bar, tethering the horse to a bar. So you came back to the UK?
Yeah, sorry, I'm still in Rio Tisero. I then went back to Buenos Aires and then
as the money had run out I then went to work in English Electric and I was
there for the Bay of Pigs incident. My parents were extremely worried but as we
all know nothing happened. And then I went home in 62 and Cardiff, first of all I
didn't want to live with my parents anymore, I wanted to branch out and live
on my own. They wouldn't fund me because it wasn't the done thing.